Qradar mirroring removed from long running instance (#19184)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_2_0.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v3
- Improved mirroring performance.
- Added the number of fetched events in the offense context.

#### Mappers
##### QRadar - Generic Incoming Mapper

> - Fixed the mapping of the number of fetched events.

Reviewer: Please add a comment about it previously showing lower numbers than actually fetched.

#### Scripts
##### QRadarPrintEvents

> - Fixed an issue where there are too many events. Now the print is limited to 20 events.

Reviewer: Is this the final number?
```suggestion
- The widget now shows just the first 10 events. Previously the widget would fail to load when too many events were fetched.
```

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Improved events retry mechanism of `fetch-incidents`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved the events retry mechanism for the ***fetch-incidents*** command.
```

> - Improved performance of mirroring of the events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improved the performance for mirroring of events.
```

> - Added the number of fetched events in the offense context in they key `events_fetched`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added the number of fetched events in the offense context under the field `events_fetched`.
```

> - Fixed ignoring the order of evaluation of `user_query` with adding parentheses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the order of evaluation for the `user_query` by adding parentheses.
```

#### Mappers
##### QRadar - Generic Incoming Mapper
- Fixed the number of fetched events, which previously ignored the `eventcount` per event. 

#### Scripts
##### QRadarPrintEvents

> - The widget now shows just the first 10 events. Previously the widget would fail to load when too many events were fetched.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The widget now shows only the first 10 events. Previously, the widget would fail to load when too many events were fetched.
```
